README.md, before:

JSSCxml
=======

A JavaScript State Chart interpreter that should fully implement the W3C's upcoming [SCXML recommendation](http://www.w3.org/TR/scxml/) in Web browsers.

The name should be pronounced "JessieXML".


### Development status

The interpreter is currently limited to local events (you can send/receive events between SCs inside the same browser window, receive external events from JavaScript within that window, and fire back DOM events).

It is also limited to local JavaScript data and external SCXML files fetched through XmlHttpRequest.


### Known issues
(that I'm not going to fix right now)

- Variables whose name matched a predefined window variable are pre-declared in the datamodel. They will never cause an error if you try to assign to them without an explicit declaration. Also, you should never delete them.

- The JavaScript expression in the `location` attribute of an `<assign>` element is currently being evaluated twice while executing the `<assign>`. That could cause a bug if it has side-effects. You should perform any such actions in a `<script>`, and use read-only expressions in `location` attributes. Or you can just write the whole assignment in a `<script>`, of course.

- In ECMAScript content, the keyword "this" references a hidden window by default. You should only use it in constructors and object methods, never in a default context, unless you really know what you're doing.

Commit message:

added license info and updated dev status

README.md, after:

JSSCxml
=======

A JavaScript State Chart interpreter that should fully implement the W3C's upcoming [SCXML recommendation](http://www.w3.org/TR/scxml/) in Web browsers.

The name should be pronounced "JessieXML" or just "Jessie".

It is distributed under a MIT license.


### Development status

You can `<send>` events with type="scxml" between SCs inside the same browser window, receive external events from SCs or JavaScript within that window, and fire type="DOM" events. A custom `<fetch>` element is in development to provide access to HTTP requests. JSSC does not yet support `<invoke>`.


### Known issues
(that I'm not going to fix right now)

- Variables whose name matched a predefined window variable are pre-declared in the datamodel. They will never cause an error if you try to assign to them without an explicit declaration. Also, you should never delete them.

- The JavaScript expression in the `location` attribute of an `<assign>` element is currently being evaluated twice while executing the `<assign>`. That could cause a bug if it has side-effects. You should perform any such actions in a `<script>`, and use read-only expressions in `location` attributes. Or you can just write the whole assignment in a `<script>`, of course.

- In ECMAScript content, the keyword "this" references a hidden window by default. You should only use it in constructors and object methods, never in a default context, unless you really know what you're doing.
